hello how are we going to explain how to install a system of
ink from a roof printer
p 7
a 6 5 and 6
we will be more loaded
vitacura
from what they export
chip etc as
with the vote I do not know what I do your boxes syringes
your titles
and its supports for meshes
the bull that contains its part
let's put possession of the charge for example cartridge
building
the charge we are going to disconnect the cable from the light
so that they were not cut
and so we can work
to place them cartridge is very important
when this moment
let's make strength
and among all the cartridges
Must do
all cartridges
we participate track
well seen writes them
we place our supports the middle part
from this position
for when a hose ran, it did not get stuck
Manolete
let's run expensive
to strike the husband of the mother of God
the flag was not there although we do not have
the problem
hence the biggest year
with the payment of treasure bonds
the fight
It is very important that the system has very high level of the printer
that is not higher or lower but higher
will spill all bull ink investors a good year reaches
20 years that remove these little plugs from the system
and there we are going to place
200 demands
this is so that the ink did not dry out highly
to reign added a system
we're just going to remove these big plugs and for the same thing we talk
by the government that in what is going away if the whole system of selectivity
there
the head and that can spoil it
we wait for him
pt to palliate a little green
to recognize the data
Falklands support
we can not place here
to be able to close a little more our
I recommend that the basics of the scanner because if not the hose
can drown is not coincidence
to scan we can work so it's no problem the documents do not
does it move
and can sell without any problem
for rctv show
the machine does not criticize in the middle part
what color do you need to change
we are not going to take out the cartridges simply when they are in position
to remove the we are going to press the chip button
for three seconds we release it and we press the boot button again
how each cartridge prevents them
when we see how little about the risk of blinking we know that our
system is seen parts to the pri
that's all gas